holdoffsetx, holdoffsety - The offset of the thrown NPC when held.
throwoffsetx, throwoffsety - The offset of the thrown NPC when thrown.

walkframes - The time spent walking before changing directions.
jumpframes - The delay between jumping.
jumptimerange - An additional number of frames that can be added to the jump delay.

jumpspeed - Jump height of the bro.
secondjumpspeed - A secondary jump height for the bro. Used by Fire Bros.
secondjumpchance - The chance that the bro will use the secondary jump height.

throwspeedx, throwspeedy - The thrown speed of the NPC.

initialtimer - The initial value for the throwing cooldown, to accelerate the first throw.
initialtimerrange - An additional number of frames that can be added to the initial throwing cooldown.

waitframeslow - The lower bound for the throwing cooldown.
waitframeshigh - The upper bound for the throwing cooldown.
holdframes - The number of ticks for which the NPC is held before being thrown.
npcheldfirerate - The multiplier for the shoot time when the bro is held by a player.

throwid - The ID of the projectile thrown.
throwidheld - The ID of the projectile thrown when held by the player. To disable, set the config to 0. Used by Fire Bros.
doheldharm - If enabled, the thrown NPC will automatically be friendly and kill NPCs when the bro is held by a player.
syncheldspeed - If enabled, the thrown NPC's speed with sync with the player's speed, when held.

volley - How many projectiles are thrown. Used by Fire Bros. 
volleyframes - The delay between each projectile in a single volley.

quake - If enabled, the bro will cause an earthquake when landing. Used by Sledge Bros.
stalltime - The time that the bro will stay in the air before falling down.
stunframes - How long players are stunned for when a bro causes an earthquake.
quakeintensity - The earthquake intensity of a landing bro.

brospeed - The movement speed of the bro.
movewhenjumping - If enabled, the bro will move when jumping midair. Otherwise, the bro will stay still.
movewhenshooting - If enabled, the bro will move when shooting. Otherwise, the bro will stay still.

chaseplayer - If enabled, the bro will chase the closest player instead of patrolling its area.
followplayer - If enabled, the bro will always face the closest player. Otherwise, it will always face the direction it was placed in.

animwalkframes - How many frames the bro will use when walking.
animjumpframes - How many frames the bro will use when jumping. To disable, set the config to 0.
animholdframes - How many frames the bro will use when holding its projectile.
animshootframes - How many frames the bro will use when shooting. To disable, set the config to 0.
shootframeduration - The duration of the bro's shooting animation.

drawheldnpc - If enabled, the bro will visually hold its projectile before throwing it.
drawnpcinfront - If enabled, the bro will render the projectile infront of itself, otherwise the projectile will be rendered from behind.

jumpSFX, quakeSFX, holdSFX, throwSFX - SFX configs. Can be false for none, a number for a vanilla sound, or a sound effect object/string for a custom sound.
onThrowFunction - A custom function that can be used to modify the bro when it is throwing. Look at the Sniper Bro for an example.